Test: Angstroms

A scene has a number called priority.
Definition: a scene is questy if its priority is 1 or more.

Cursed Casket Theft is a scene with priority 4.
Temple Defilement is a scene with priority 2.

When play begins:
	showme the questiest scene;
	showme the priority of the questiest scene;
	showme whether or not the Cursed Casket Theft is questier than the Temple Defilement;
	[showme whether or not the Cursed Casket Theft is questier than the player;]
	showme whether or not the Cursed Casket Theft is questier than 3;
	showme whether or not the Temple Defilement is questier than 3;
	showme the total priority of the scenes;

Length is a kind of value. 10 angstroms specifies a length.

Color is a kind of value.
The colors are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, violet.
A color has a length called wavelength.
The wavelength of red is 7000 angstroms.
The wavelength of orange is 6200 angstroms.
The wavelength of yellow is 5600 angstroms.
The wavelength of green is 5150 angstroms.
The wavelength of blue is 4700 angstroms.
The wavelength of violet is 4100 angstroms.

Definition: a color is warm if its wavelength is 5600 angstroms or more.

When play begins:
 	showme the warmest color;
	showme the wavelength of the warmest color;
	showme whether or not yellow is warmer than blue;
	showme whether or not yellow is warmer than 5000 angstroms;
	showme the list of warm colors;
	showme the topmost from warm colors;

To decide which color is topmost from (collection - a description of colors):
	let choice be the warmest member of the collection;
	decide on choice.

A thing has a number called the last use. The last use of a thing is usually 0.
	
Definition: a thing is old if its last use is 12 or less.

To decide which thing is cyclically random (collection - a description of things):
	let choice be the oldest member of the collection;
	now the last use of the choice is the turn count;
	decide on choice.

When play begins:
	showme cyclically random person;
	showme whether or not someone is older than the player;
